<span class="mcl-back-button">[[Technology/Knowledge Vault/Interview/index|← Interview]]</span> <span class="mcl-back-button">[[Home|🏠 Home]]</span>

---


### WCAG (Web Content Accessibility Guidelines)
- **Perceivable** -> User can seer and perceive the information. Text color, contrast, fallback for images -> know what should be there. User perceive behavior understanding
- **Operatable** -> Interaction with the interface, keyboard. Reduce flashing for many cases (medical reason and more) <-- also annoying
- **Understandable** -> readable/predictable content in a way that leading the user (not to make them feels like they are dumb)
- **Robust** -> Valid technology (HTML-CSS) that cover multiple type of browser. Compatibility (Web desktop and mobile).
- **Conformance Levels** -> level A, AA or AAA (need more context)

### ARIA (Accessible Rich Internet Applications)

- Mostly for screen reader feature of the browser/client/device
- Correctly, compactly inform the user (blind, vision impaired, dyslexia, or any medical conditions) of the label/state/detail of the component.

Example: Delete button with and without aria-label. 

-> Button could only be an icon button, red background and white icon so that people instantly 
know this is a delete button but vision impaired people won't be fully capable of perceive it. They will enable screen reader to help them with this.

#### The idea of accessibility is that everyone should be able to consume the media/content even with medical conditions or any other condition.
